hey guys it's Bob's vlogs and well
today's my first day of life because the
stork just brought me in the mail so
hello world well looks like I've got
some visitors hi I'm Sierra and this is
my brother Tommy and we saw you just
moved in so we brought housewarming gift
I'll call you really didn't need to but
guess we look nice in my home on Bob
nice to meet you likewise make
yourselves at home I brought cookies how
nice of you thank you my pleasure dear 0
Tommy
and they're all join you on the couch
okay unless you guys enjoy them oh yes
they are delicious great let me take
your goals away well I wonder who that
is do come in oh hello thanks for
stopping by what are your names I'm
Emily I'm Maya and I'm pomegranate and
we brought a scarf for you well that's
very nice of you I'm Bob and I just
moved in I change or jump on very well
if you insist one second very well sweet
oh I don't think this is appropriate for
children can we carry this out later
maybe oh thank you uh well what was that
about I'm really not sure but I guess
I'll have to deal with it a little later
okay well maybe we should be going out
whatever fits your fancy thanks for
coming by what nice visitors by this
one's Bob walk thanks for watching don't
forget to keep on the lookout for more
videos